Docs: minor update configuration page (#847)
grafana/tempo: docs/tempo/website/configuration/_index.md

You can find more about other supported syntax [here](https://github.com/drone/envsubst/blob/master/readme.md)

## Server

> Tempo uses the Weaveworks/common server. See [here](https://github.com/weaveworks/common/blob/master/server/server.go#L54) for all configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tempo uses the Weaveworks/common server. For more information on configuration options, see [here](https://github.com/weaveworks/common/blob/master/server/server.go#L54).
```

```
# Optional. Setting to true enables multitenancy and requires X-Scope-OrgID header on all requests.
[multitenancy_enabled: <bool> | default = false]

> # Optional. String prefix for all http api endpoints.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Optional. String prefix for all http api endpoints. Must include beginning slash.
```
Should we call out that it must be `/prefix` somehow?

Author: Yeah, good call
